Edits to pg4k PR5482 (#5543)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/postgres_distributed_for_kubernetes/1/known_issues.mdx

## Connectivity with PgBouncer

> EDB Postgres Distributed for Kubernetes **doesn't support** using [PgBouncer](/pgbouncer/latest/) to pool client connection requests. 

Author: To be consistent with your other items. (I ordinarily wouldn't bold text.)

Reviewer: I agree with remaining consistent with the usage of bold text. 

And I think this might be one of the instances where want to not use contractions. 
"Does not" is a bit stronger than "doesn't". 
Also, I believe Release Notes and Known Issues should be more formal and less conversational. 

```suggestion
EDB Postgres Distributed for Kubernetes **does not support** using [PgBouncer](/pgbouncer/latest/) to pool client connection requests. 
```

PS: adding as item to discuss in the Style Guide Counsil.

> This limitation applies to both the open-source and EDB versions of PgBouncer.

Author: Try to use a noun after "this" so it's clear what's being referred to.

## Backup operations

> To configure an EDB Postgres Distributed for Kubernetes environment, you must apply a `PGDGroup` YAML object to each Kubernetes cluster. Applying this object

Author: This was a long sentence. Also, -tion words are a signal of wordiness.

creates all necessary services for implementing a distributed architecture. 
  

> If you added a `spec.backup` section to this `PGDGroup` object with the goal of setting up a backup configuration, 

Author: Use simple past tense where possible.
